gh-1511 add note about func names in box.once() + translation (#1565)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_once.rst

    :param string        key: a value that will be checked
    :param function function: a function
    :param               ...: arguments that must be passed to function

    .. NOTE::

>         The parameter `key` will be stored in :ref:`_schema <box_space-schema>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The parameter ``key`` will be stored in the :ref:`_schema <box_space-schema>`
```

        system space after ``box.once()`` is called in order to prevent a double

>         run. These keys are global per replicaset. So a simultaneous call of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        run. These keys are global per replica set. So a simultaneous call of
```

>         ``box.once()`` with the same key on two instances of the same replicaset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ``box.once()`` with the same key on two instances of the same replica set
```

>         may succeed on both of them, but it'll lead to the transaction conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        may succeed on both of them, but it'll lead to a transaction conflict.
```
